Today, he has shrunk everything
we found here in the facilities of
sansón in the avenue tomás marsano for
present the new arrival to the market
Peruvian of the sp said lee
louis and pasta al agua commercial manager
of high andes will comment us all
the qualities of this model forward
luisi
or the whole motor coats my name is
rin pasalagua head of sales of the brand
ssangyong this time we are the
main local brand in Lima for
introduce you the new tivoli in a
world launch good is
The tivoli model is very important for
sanz me why do we dabble in a
new segment let's say in the csv
compact is a chain that the peru
we are bringing in three versions is
a new motorization in the brand as
thorne and ashen one more engine
small with great features of
speed consumption is a design
totally European very very very aggressive
sports we have several 18 in
all our versions a low profile
of highly equipped tires in
actually we initially think that the
segment could be for example the
young public and so on but when one
feel in the cart sees its benefits
try the truck to realize or be
realize that the head gives you
Safety comfort is a new
motorization in sant john shannon from
It was always known because we were
Engine specialists
diesel then some years ago we looked or
we started experimenting on engines
gasolineros of very high efficiency and
now we have this new
motorization that is a 1600 an engine
extremely economical a motor extremely
yield this and that is totally
prepared for this vehicle size
but additionally the equipment that
you can find you're going to find
a great interior design that is to say the
large fully focused watches
great luminaries let's say in the part
from inside the seats of the tivoli have
been chosen as they have been let's say
recognized as a very very design
attractive for the segment are
totally economic is subject to the
sides this bieber head has been thrown
last year and sanyo has taken the
attribution to take a more valid year
the redundancy to finish this design
really the ssangyong tivoli has
achieved let's say lines that do not look
very little of the market are extremely
aggressive but at the same time they give you a lot
comfort is the truth is that it is very
all right
but if you talk about something that can
separate from our competition
probably this is just the
design of the tivoli of the new tivoli
ten years this year the total market
came in had a small low not without
However, this is not the case with the ccv that
is where we compete
both with our trucks that already
we know the network are the radios the
now also charging with the new
tivoli what we expect the market to
keep growing obviously us
As Sanyo we hope we hope to beat
This 5% growth going on
sv segment watches the launch itself
and believe it or not is a little that
says people we have 17 thousand 990
dollars in full mechanical version of
agreement then we have the automatic full
in 19 thousand 990 dollars and the automatic of
loops not that already has about
additional we have it in 20 thousand 990
Dollars
those precious eyes are only for
launch a brand like ssangyong with
more than 18 years in the country and at
global a brand that just met
60 years is to say this a brand with
all the support both outside and inside
of Peru first I want to thank the
visit at this time we are located
in the main premises of the brand more than
5,000 square meters only for the
benefit of our customers
we are on the avenue tomás marsano in
the block 4 but they can locate us in
camacho in the mill in bellavista in
plaza lima norte in san isidro and san
Miguel, we are also in the province
obviously in the south in cusco arequipa
juliaca tacna ayacucho to the center very by
huancayo north with cajamarca trujillo
chiclayo piura in short we are in all the
country and throughout the country we already have
the tivoli visit ask us the
offers ask for these price of
launches and test in the try the
new the new truck in the new
good guys as we have seen the new
tivoli that will give everyone a chance to talk
those interested can approach
All zhang yong dealers
in Peru do not forget to visit our
website www point all engine peru.com
and also on our facebook page
bye